c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\MvcApplication1.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\MvcApplication1.pdb
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.dll
c:\users\administrator\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\MvcApplication1\MvcApplication1\obj\Debug\MvcApplication1.pdb
